Add support for reading intent ID over I2C slave interface for FFD examples (#364)
xmos/sln_voice: doc/programming_guide/ffd/deploying/configuration.rst

   * - appconfINTENT_I2C_OUTPUT_ENABLED
     - Enables/disables the |I2C| intent message
     - 1
   * - appconfI2C_MASTER_ENABLED

>      - Enabled the |I2C| master mode to configure the DAC and send the intent message

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/pull/364/commits/c8e1a261fc109ac1f2527ae3cfc9f63e076a5f1a.

     - 1
   * - appconfINTENT_I2C_OUTPUT_DEVICE_ADDR

>      - Sets the |I2C| address to transmit the intent to via the |I2C| master interface

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/pull/364/commits/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

     - 0x01
   * - appconfI2C_SALVE_ENABLED

>      - Enabled the |I2C| slave mode to read the device register with the intent message

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/c8e1a261fc109ac1f2527ae3cfc9f63e076a5f1a.

     - 0
   * - appconfI2C_SLAVE_DEVICE_ADDR

>      - Sets the |I2C| address to read the intent message from via the |I2C| slave interface

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

     - 0x42
   * - appconfINTENT_I2C_REG_ADDRESS

>      - Sets the |I2C| register to store the intent message, this value can be read via the |I2C| slave interface

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

  The ``example_ffd_i2s_input_cyberon`` has different default values from the ones in the table above.
  The list of updated values can be found in the ``APP_COMPILE_DEFINITIONS`` list in ``examples\ffd\ffd_i2s_input_cyberon.cmake``.

Configuring the |I2C| interfaces
--------------------------------

> The |I2C| interfaces are used to configure the DAC and to communicate with the host. The |I2C| interface can be configured as a master and a slave.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

The DAC must be configured at bootup via the |I2C| master interface.

> The |I2C| master is used to send intent messages to the host, and the |I2C| slave is used to read intent messages from the host.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

.. note::

>   Since the |I2C| interface cannot operate as both a master and a slave simultaneously, the FFD example design uses the |I2C| master interface to configure the DAC at bootup.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

>   However, if the |I2C| slave interface is used to read intent messages, the |I2C| master interface will be disabled after the DAC configuration is complete.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

The |I2C| master and slave can be enabled or disabled by setting the ``appconfI2C_MASTER_ENABLED`` and ``appconfI2C_SLAVE_ENABLED`` configuration variables.

To send the intent ID via the |I2C| master interface when a command is detected, set the following variables:

  - ``appconfINTENT_I2C_OUTPUT_ENABLED`` to 1.
  - ``appconfI2C_MASTER_ENABLED`` to 1.
  - ``appconfINTENT_I2C_OUTPUT_DEVICE_ADDR`` to the desired address used by the |I2C| slave device.
  - ``appconfI2C_SLAVE_ENABLED`` to 0.

> The retrieve the intent message from the host via the |I2C| slave interface, set the following variables:

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/xmos/sln_voice/commit/795ac29743ceb59813f06646c5eefeda3d4ed274.

> The retrieve the intent message from the host via the |I2C| slave interface, set the following variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the FFD example so that the host can poll for the intent via the |I2C| slave interface, set the following variables:
```
